Update README.md for OPEA OTLP tracing (#1406)
opea-project/GenAIExamples: ChatQnA/README.md

Here is a screenshot for one tracing of TGI serving request.
![Screenshot from 2024-12-27 11-26-25](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a7c51c6-f422-41eb-8e82-c3df52cd48b8)

There are also OPEA related tracings. Users could understand the time breakdown of each service request by looking into each opea:schedule operation.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6137068b-b374-4ff8-b345-993343c0c25f)

> There might be asyn function such as llm/MicroService_asyn_generate and users need to check the tracing of the asyn function in another operation like

Reviewer: `asyn`???
```suggestion
There could be async function such as `llm/MicroService_asyn_generate` and user needs to check the trace of the async function in another operation like
```
